Update set-up-a-custom-do-not-rewrite-urls-list-with-atp.md (#2481)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/set-up-a-custom-do-not-rewrite-urls-list-with-atp.md

4. Specify a name and description for your policy.

> 5. Turn **ON** URLs will be rewritten and checked against a list of known malicious links when user clicks on the link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Turn **ON** URLs to allow them to be rewritten and checked against a list of known malicious links when the user clicks on the link.
```

Reviewer: I am really not sure about this. Please confirm.

Author: This is a setting in o365 and it states "URLs will be rewritten and checked against a list of known malicious links when user clicks on the link." We are turning it ON. So please confirm if this change is required.

Reviewer: Thank you for the explanation. Now it makes sense. Please ignore my suggestion.

> 6. In the **Do not rewrite the following URLs** section, select the **Enter a valid URL** box, and then type a URL, and then choose the plus sign (+).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. In the **Do not rewrite the following URLs** section, select the **Enter a valid URL** box, enter a URL, and then choose the plus sign (+).
```
